Update EIP-1: Add IETF as a permissible origin (#7113)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-1.md

^https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/[0-9a-f]{40}/.*$
```

> ### Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)

Reviewer: Again, would mildly prefer thr following:

```suggestion
### IETF Request for Comments (RFC)
```

> Links to a Request For Comment (RFC) specification may be included using normal markdown syntax, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links to an IETF Request For Comment (RFC) specification may be included using normal markdown syntax, such as:
```
